---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: "Peter de Jager's Bio"
datePublished: '2016-01-27T18:41:51.954Z'
dateModified: '2016-01-27T18:41:15.422Z'
title: Bio
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-01-27-bio.md
published: true
url: bio/index.html
_type: Article

---
Peter de Jager is a keynote speaker/writer/consultant on the issues relating to the issue of managing change of all shapes and sizes in all types of organizations. He has published hundreds of articles internationally on topics ranging from Problem Solving, Creativity and Change to the impact of technology on areas such as privacy, security and business. His articles have appeared in The Washington Post, The Wall Street Journal, The Futurist and Scientific American.
  
He is best known to IT and Fortune 500 audiences for his efforts to create responsible awareness of the Y2K issue -- For which he received several awards from IT associations and Govt. Agencies. 
In addition to presentations and seminars on the topics above, he's written dozens of regular columns. These have included; Association Trends, CIPS across Canada, Enterprise, Globe & Mail online and Municipal World.   
He's spoken in 40 (and counting) countries and is recognized worldwide as an exciting, humorous, provocative and engaging speaker. His audiences have included the World Economic Forum, The World Bank and The Bank for International Settlements.
  
His presentations and workshops are highly interactive, fun, irreverent to mistaken ideas and most distinctively - provocative. He forces (entices?) the audience, by demonstrating conflicts between their stated beliefs and behaviours, to think differently about what they thought they knew.   
You can view much of his work at www.vimeo.com/Technobility or contact him at pdejager@technobility.com